{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 JosefinSans-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf0 ISEA2026 Artistic Proposal (Version 4)\
\
Basic Contact Details\
Name: Sel\'e0\
Year of Birth: 1977\
Country: Israel\
Email: ops@selahq.com\
Website: https://sel\'e0.com\
\
Artist Biography \
\
Sel\'e0 (b. 1977, Israel) is a computer artist, whose motto is Code for Consciousness. Code is used to breakdown the concept of time (Conceptual Timing), to create emergent digital identities (Pixelated Soul \'97\'a0Diary of an AI), to playfully nudge people into greater awareness (Micordosing on Enlightenment) and to turn cultural by-products into works of art (The Plot Thickens). \
\
Thematic Statement \
\
The Plot Thickens meats Elyah: Constellating Place, Data and Identity, ISEA2026 main theme, squarely in the middle. It is an event specific, participatory, emerging art piece, using data collected live on site from visitors of the symposium\'97and presented to them live, as it evolves. \
\
It plays on several themes:\
\
1. As navigators of past times looked to the stars for guidance (and dreamers, lovers and poets for inspiration), nowadays we look to data derived from us. We chart ourselves and navigate accordingly. Our North Star is us. We, however, are not static, so navigation becomes ever more complex, not simpler\'97the plot thickens. \
\
2. Data aggregation strips us from our individuality, from our personal identity. We are profiled\'97to protect us, manipulate us, control us, study us, and even to kill us. The Plot Thickens does none of those. It mines data for one end\'97aesthetic experience. It is an abstract portrait of Big Data.\
\
3. The Tokenization of Everything. The Plot Thickens will be minted and offered exclusively to those who created it\'97the participants of ISEA2026. A non-thing\'97the wanderings of visitors in a symposium\'97becomes something, and not just something. It becomes a totem of belonging, an asset, a group photo taken by an algorithm.          \
\
\
Artwork Proposal [Sub-theme: Charting constellations \'97 Digital Geographies] \
\
Title: The Plot Thickens\
\
Format: Site-specific installation / live visualization\
\
The Plot Thickens tracks the participants of the symposium in real time as they move through the venue and plots their movement on a planetarium like dome. The plot is abstract. No markings of the venue structure are visible. It is blank as the night\'92s sky. People are represented by dots, their movement by lines.\
\
It is a one-off mini-universe, captured as is. The new primordial, in the age of data. We are observing ourselves being observed. No fixed point in space. No North Star. No North even. Only emergent, self referential patterns. This universe axis is the algorithm. And if there is a God in here it is the algorithm maker, soon to become AI.\
\
This new factor of reality is what The Plot Thickens is all about. It is a digital fossil of an event and of this unique moment in time.  \
\
Technical and Logistical Requirements\
\
Display\
\
- Ideal: planetarium like chamber \
  Possible: Projection or LED wall, minimum 10m x 10m\
- Controlled ambient light\
\
Tracking\
- Using UWB\
- ~5 anchors mounted around the tracked area\
- Small tags on badges/lanyards for participants (on opt-in basis)\
- Privacy note: data is gathered strictly for the sake of the piece. Source code will be open.\
\
Computing\
- 1 workstation (provided by artist) running the visualization and ingest\
- Video output to projector/LED (HDMI/DisplayPort)\
\
Space and schedule\
- Setup and calibration: 2\'963 days\
\
Rarity, tokenization, and the artifact\
No one knows what the final image will look like. The crowd writes it. That makes the result rare: tied to this venue and this time. The final drawing can exist as a high-resolution still, a time-lapse video, and/or a minted token (optional). The point is not to sell a souvenir; it\'92s to show how easily the trace of collective life becomes an object once it\'92s captured.\
\
Images, Sketches, Drafts\
1) Concept render: a white circle on black, filled with thousands of hair-thin lines that form dense clusters and open gaps.\
2) Simple diagram: VENUE 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  TRACKING 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  SOFTWARE 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  CIRCULAR DISPLAY, with a loop arrow from DISPLAY back to VISITORS.\
3) Reference pairing: historical circular star chart beside a screenshot mockup of the circular path map.\
\
Links to the Video Documentation Online (If Applicable)\
[Add links to previous work documentation if desired]\
\
CV / Portfolio\
Portfolio link: https://pxsoul.sel\'e0.com/\
\
}